# Meeting notes: Doers standup call Nov 25 2020

**Attendance:** Banteg, Bull, Graham, Lehnberg, Luciano, Milkyklim, Santiago, Ser Doggo, Substreight, Tracheopteryx, x48 (sent written update)

## 1. Updates from the standup

### 1.1 Done

- **[Evil Jar](https://github.com/banteg/evil-jar) Post-Mortem**
- **Fermented [co-operation dill](https://medium.com/iearn/pickle-yearn-ferments-co-operation-dill-eec43b93d0ea)** with Pickle
- **Feel the yearn:** New version [up and running](https://feel-the-yearn.app)
- **Chief executive multi-sig:** Tool to create multi-sig transactions, frees up more time for Klim who was doing them manually.
- **YFI guest list:** Red carpet access to new vaults for YFI holders only, used to stage and test new products as they get rolled out.
- **Quarterly financials:** Report shared with a group of contributors.
- **Argent integration** has just shipped.
- **Backscratcher vault** upgraded to be able to claim rewards.
- **Bached transactions deep dive:**
  - https://github.com/x48-crypto/web3-batch-call
  - Website demo: https://batchcall.finance
  - Benchmarks tested on private alchemy instance, able to perform ~15,000 calls in ~6s when batched into groups of 1k calls. ~5k tx in about 1.5 seconds.
  - Previously each method call represented both a http request (web3 req) and in some-cases a re-render, resulting in lots of lag.

### 1.2 Doing

- **New due diligence fires popping up** that need to be put out. 🔥
- **New keep3r strategies**, for vaults and strategies.
- **Governance swaps deployed**, need further testing.
- **DCA trading of ERC20s**, continued work in progress.
- **Vault audit #1**, results are in.
- **Vault audit #2**, pending, waiting for a confirmation of start
- **Vaults 0.2.1** release inbound with changes based on audit findings.
- **Website copy**, balled dropped, picking up.
- **Dev docs**, research into auto generated by code.
- **yGift** expected to launch tomorrow (see below).
- **Brand book** almost complete, missing a couple of logos, naming standard is on github.
- **Community AMA** this friday in social channels.
- **YFI/BNT liquidity mining** with Bancor, voting in progress
- **Yearn web UI v2** in progress, finishing upgrading drizzle with batched requests.

### 1.3 To do

- **Quarterly report**, with more data from the financials prepared
- **Vault2 flows**, and additional documentation.
- **Yearn v2 UI:** Release more pages, coordinating with Future/Nebula to ensure designs are ready.

### 1.4 Blocked

- **Grants payments**, on hold until Chainsecurity audit funds have been sent.

## 2. Other topics

### 2.1. yGift

- First version launching tomorrow
- Grants and gifts for yearn, as NFTs
- ERC-721 + ERC-20 tokens, like a gift card + envelope
- Possible to set a start time for when it unlocks
- Allows for linear phased payout
- UI is a first iteration, with improvements to follow
- Could be used for vesting, as smaller gifts that cannot be stopped or revoked once awarded.

### 2.2 Grants DAO

- New proposal yesterday
- Proposal for giving away grants
- 1-time grants for now
- Recurring grants & gifts to follow
- Moloch dao based
- Action on ops people to review
